Update rate limit docs (#16759)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/v3/manage/cloud/rate-limits.mdx

**Prefect Cloud rate limits are subject to change**

**API rate limits are subject to change.**

> To view your account's rate usage in the UI, go to Account Settings > Rate Limits. Contact Prefect support at [help@prefect.io](mailto:help@prefect.io) with questions about rate limits.

Author: For now it's only the orchestration rate limit but we're adding more limits to the chart shortly

> To view your account's rate usage in Prefect Cloud, go to **Account Settings** > **Rate Limits**. Contact Prefect support at [help@prefect.io](mailto:help@prefect.io) with questions about rate limits.

Author: ```suggestion
To view your account's rate limit usage in Prefect Cloud, go to **Account Settings** > **Rate Limits**. Contact Prefect support at [help@prefect.io](mailto:help@prefect.io) with questions about rate limits.
```

</Note>

### Orchestration API rate limits
Prefect Cloud's API rate limits restrict the number of requests that an account can make to certain endpoints in a given time period. 

> API calls to any orchestration endpoint groups, such as  `flow_runs`, `task_runs`, and `flows`, are limited to:

Reviewer: is it feasible for us to enumerate the groups comprehensively? imagining that this page will be referenced by users mostly after having encountered a limit.

- 400 requests per minute for Free accounts
- 2,000 requests per minute for Pro accounts

### Observability API rate limits
The number of logs and events that can be written per minute is limited to:

- 700 per minute for Free accounts
- 10,000 per minute for Pro accounts

API calls to read logs and events are limited to 100 requests per minute.

### Rate limit behavior

> When rate limits are reached, endpoints return a `429` response with an appropriate `Retry-After` header. See [ClientSettings](/v3/develop/settings-ref#clientsettings) for more information on how retries are handled client-side and how to modify the default behavior.

Reviewer: what's appropriate about the header?

**Prefect Cloud rate limits are subject to change**

**API rate limits are subject to change.**

> To view your account's rate usage in the UI, go to Account Settings > Rate Limits. Contact Prefect support at [help@prefect.io](mailto:help@prefect.io) with questions about rate limits.

Reviewer 2: Instead of UI, I suggest saying Prefect Cloud to be clear that this does not apply to the OSS UI.

```suggestion
To view your account's rate usage in Prefect Cloud, go to **Account Settings** > **Rate Limits**. Contact Prefect support at [help@prefect.io](mailto:help@prefect.io) with questions about rate limits.
```

Author: Love it
